[DOC] Update contributing guidelines (#763)
conda-incubator/conda-store: docusaurus-docs/community/contribute/local-setup-ui.md

- [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (which requires [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/))

## Basic Option (recommended): Run the UI in Docker

For basic local development on the UI, running conda-store-ui in Docker is the simplest way to get started.

1. Change your working directory to the project root: `cd conda-store-ui`
2. Optional. Set environment variables. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`. All default settings should work, but if you want to test against a different version of conda-store-server, you can specify it in the `.env` file by setting the `CONDA_STORE_SERVER_VERSION` variable to the desired version. If you skip this step, it will be done automatically for you.
3. Run `docker compose --profile local-dev up --build` to start the entire development stack. This step may take a few minutes the first time you run it.
4. Open your local browser and go to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to see conda-store-ui.
5. You can then log in using the default username of `username` and default password of `password`.

:::note

> Hot reloading is enabled, so when you make changes to source files (i.e., files under the conda-store-ui/src/ directory), your browser will reload and reflect the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hot reloading is enabled, so when you change source files (files under the conda-store-ui/src/ directory), your browser will reload and reflect the changes.
```

:::

## Advanced Option: Run the UI locally (with the rest of the stack in Docker)

For more advanced development on conda-store-ui, the first option might not be sufficient. If you need to work extensively in the UI codebase, then you will probably want to run the UI web app locally rather than within a Docker container.

:::note

> This setup still uses Docker to run the rest of the Conda Store stack. That means that the Conda Store database, server, worker, and storage services will all run in Docker containers. However, the frontend web app (conda-store-ui) will run locally (not in a Docker container) with this setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup still uses Docker to run the rest of the conda-store stack. That means the conda-store database, server, worker, and storage services will all run in Docker containers. However, the frontend web app (conda-store-ui) will run locally (not in a Docker container) with this setup.
```

:::

### Set up your conda environment

This project uses [conda](https://conda.io) for package management. To set up conda, please see their [installation documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html).

1. Change to the project root: `cd conda-store-ui`
2. From the project root, create the conda environment: `conda env create -f environment_dev.yml`

### Run conda-store-ui locally (and the rest of the stack in Docker)

:::tip

Make sure you are in the project root: `cd conda-store-ui`

:::

1. Activate the development environment: `conda activate cs-ui-dev-env`
2. Set environment variables: copy `.env.example` to `.env`. All default settings should work, but if you want to test against a different version of conda-store-server, you can specify it in the `.env` file by setting the `CONDA_STORE_SERVER_VERSION` variable to the desired version.

> 3. Run: `corepack enable`. Corepack comes with Node.js which was installed when you set up your Conda dev environment. Running `corepack enable` ensures that the version of Yarn that you use in the next step matches the version required by the repo (see package.json > packageManager). Yarn also comes with Node.js but is not automatically added to your environment's path until you run `corepack enable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run: `corepack enable`. Corepack comes with Node.js, which is installed when you set up the conda environment. Running `corepack enable` ensures that the version of Yarn that you use in the next step matches the version required by the repo (see `package.json > packageManager`). Yarn also comes with Node.js but is not automatically added to your environment's path until you run `corepack enable`.
```

4. Install/update JavaScript dependencies: `yarn install`

> 5. Run `yarn run start` and wait for the application to finish starting up. This command will run a local dev server for the UI app and run the other Conda Store services in Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `yarn run start` and wait for the application to finish starting up. This command will run a local dev server for the UI app and run the other conda-store services in Docker.
```

6. Open your local browser and go to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to see conda-store-ui.
7. You can then log in using the default username of `username` and default password of `password`.

:::note

Hot reloading is enabled, so when you make changes to source files, your browser will reload and reflect the changes.

:::

### Run the test suite

> If you chose the advanced option for local development, you will be able to run the tests locally. We currently use Jest in order to run unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose the advanced option for local development, you can run the tests locally. We currently use Jest to run unit tests.
```
